Add Value Summary and Value Type Documentation (#8047)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 17/umbraco-cms/extend-your-project/backoffice-extensions/extending-overview/extension-types/value-summary/README.md

export const MY_STATUS_VALUE_TYPE = 'My.ValueType.Status' as const;

declare global {
  interface UmbValueTypeMap {
    [MY_STATUS_VALUE_TYPE]: MyStatusValue;
  }
}
```
{% endcode %}

Then register a `valueSummary` manifest. The `forValueType` property links the manifest to your value type — the renderer looks up summaries by Value Type:

{% code title="manifests.ts" %}
```typescript
{
  type: 'valueSummary',
  kind: 'default',
  alias: 'My.ValueSummary.Status',
  name: 'My Status Value Summary',
  forValueType: MY_STATUS_VALUE_TYPE,
  element: () => import('./status-value-summary.element.js'),
}
```
{% endcode %}

The element is responsible for rendering the value. Extend `UmbValueSummaryElementBase` and override `render()`. The current value is available as `this._value`:

{% code title="status-value-summary.element.ts" %}
```typescript
@customElement('my-status-value-summary')
export class MyStatusValueSummaryElement extends UmbValueSummaryElementBase<MyStatusValue> {
  override render() {
    if (!this._value) return nothing;
    return html`<uui-tag look="secondary">${this.localize.term(`myStatus_${this._value}`)}</uui-tag>`;
  }
}
```
{% endcode %}

> A value type can represent any data structure, including complex objects. If your data has shape, define it accordingly and access its properties directly in `render()`. A color value with a hex code and a label, for example, lets you render a swatch alongside the name. The whole representation comes from the stored value — no server call needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A value type can represent any data structure, including complex objects. If your data has shape, define it accordingly and access its properties directly in `render()`. A color value with a hex code and a label, for example, lets you render a swatch alongside the name. In this example, the representation comes from information already in the stored value — no server call is needed:
```

Author: Thanks. This has been udated.
